# Our Story

The core motivation for the development of Qoncrete was seeing how different departments within our fast growing startup are struggling with basically the same problem over and over again. Namely, the diversion of noticeable development time to handle collection, processing, analysis and presentation of data. As many bigger corporations eventually do, we decided to develop a single platform for all of our data, a place to easily analyze, correlate, and understand it, and thus our mission was born: "to allow teams at any scale to become data driven with zero development time".

Developing Qoncrete at a fast growing startup in China was ideal: we had to deal with tens of billions of events, and tens of terabytes of raw data on a daily basis. The system had to be scalable, distributed, stable, cheap and, of course, easy to use for our non-technical colleagues, all from day one. It took us over 2 years of research to finally be able to satisfy all of the requierments.

The more time we spent in the world of data, the more we understood a solution like ours is needed virtually in every company on the planet. Our APIs allow the creation of products with programatic, data-driven decision making; our interfaces allows non-tech people to discover and correlate different sets of data; and our unique back end design allows our product to be hundreds of times cheaper than any other solution while providing more.

In a world that is being eaten by software, data plays the most important role, and so our mission broadened to "quantify, understand, correlate and predict world's data". We want to make the world a better place, a data driven place, where information and not hunches influence and create actionable insights. After all, what we do, no matter how big or small our enterprise is -- is to build solutions to collect, store, organize, analyze and visualize data in many different ways.